TDZR
Temporal Dead Zone is
REF ERR
REDS
Redeclaration is
SYNTAX ERR
2Ass-Type
Reassignment is
TYPE ERR
Legend outstanding in own fieldset
const a
Syntax Error
do delete default debugger
catch class case const continue
Win - inn -- out
height
undefined.prop
type error
toNaNN
typoof NaN is
Number
toNullo
type of Null object
The big mistake!!
untoUn
typeof undefined
undefined
nu == un
null == undefined
true
nu == un
true if one or both
are either null or undefined
NaN == NaN
false
NaN only not equal to itself
0-9A-Za-z
increase in char value LTR
0/0 is NaN
try catch dotm dotn
(.message, .name)
Buttons of Confirm
OK Cancel
&& exits on first false
|| exits on first true
Math.random
(max-min+1)+min
there is no typeof integer!
To ceil negative
floor(+ve)
prefix minus
To floor negative
ceil(+ve)
Prefix minus
Math.round(x)
equals Math.floor(x+0.5)
generally!
Sort ASCENDING
(a,b)=>a-b
TEMP END
The End